Ok... so here's an example of what I was talking about for quests.
Notecards and items need to be put together, but I can script this all in
fairly short order.  I'd love it if we could come up with 4 or 5 more
similar types quests, but that go to other parts of the sims, other
factions.  Thoughts? Feedback?


Scenario One:


Mary O’Dell was a close friend of Elizabeth Muircastle. Young, friendly, and
entranced by the wealthy families of Erie Isle, she was devastated by the
murder of her best friend in 1939, followed by her mother’s death only two
weeks later.  She went into hysterics and was committed to the Erie Isle
Sanitarium (this is under construction now and will exist in the Port Sim).


Despite heavy doses of antipsychotics, Mary continued to be not only
dangerous to herself, but also to the staff of the hospital.  She finally
succeeded in killing herself late one night by chewing through her
restraints, then through her wrist, until she bled out.


Her ghost continues to wander the sanitarium, particularly the room where
she received shock treatment.


The quest


Stop #1


New player arrives in Erie.  As they move out into  the main street area,
they are confronted by a blood soaked apparition (this will be scripted)
which begs them to free Mary’s soul, then alternately appears to be raging
insane, saying things that just don’t make any sense, and then threatening
them. The apparition will lay a heavy clue: in order to be laid to rest, her
childhood diary must be brought to the sanitarium and placed where she was
kept prisoner in the sanitarium. The diary was stolen by a parapsychology
professor at the community college in 1950.


The players will then receive a notecard with the ooc rules:


·         Xp reward of 250


·         They must “touch” at least 5 out of the 6 clues in order to get
the award (this will all be automated, so we don’t have to track it)


·         They can only get the reward by doing it once, the system records
who goes through


·         They must find the diary, and rez it or place it at her place of
confinement in the sanitarium


Stop #2


The community college (this has yet to be built, I’m looking for volunteers
to help).  The building is going to have: upper floors: labs, classrooms,
offices. Lower floor: a cafeteria, lounge, more offices.  Basement: boiler
room, etc.


In one of the offices players will find a report from a professor to the
dean, which describes the theft of the diary in 1954 by what he believed to
be agents of the Muircastle Trust.


 The professor’s report is rambling, sounds a little insane, and describes
the apparent transformation of one of the thieves into a wolf right before
his eyes.  They threatened to murder him if he didn’t turn it over, so he
did.  Accompanying the report is another notecard, which is a terse
termination letter from the dean.  Apparently the professor didn’t have
tenure.


 The key clue in the report from the professor will be that the thieves were
intent on taking the diary because they believed the intense psychic forces
surrounding it would weaken their enemies.  Their intent was to secure it in
waterproof bindings and hide it in the bank vault, allowing them to gain
control over the bank president and transfer large amounts of cash into the
accounts of the Trust.


Stop # 3 & 5: The Bank


This stop will require IC knowledge gained from Brigade members as well as
entry to the vault. They may have to negotiate, sneak or hold hostage,
whatever, in order to get in there.  The vault will be password protected
and the password given to the brigade.


 Inside the vault we’ll place the clue: a rack of old safety deposit boxes,
blackened as if by fire.  Brigade leadership will know ICly that someone
tried to blow up the vault in 1954, attempting to get at the contents of the
boxes. Whoever it was failed.  No one knows where the key to the Trust’s
safety deposit box is, but it is likely in the hands of … the Trust


Once they return to the Bank with the key (if they find it) they’ll be able
to open the box.  Inside the box will be a handwritten receipt from a Mr.
Wilson Boggs, written in 1956, accepting delivery of a sealed crate to be
placed in warehouse storage.


Stop #4: The Muircastle Estate


This stop will require either sneaking or otherwise attempting to gain
cooperation of the M Trust.  The safety deposit box key will be placed in a
crate in the basement of the mansion.


Stop #6: The Port Warehouse


The players search the warehouse in the Port.  On the third floor, hidden in
a dark corner will be a pile of crates.  If they touch them, and _if_
they’ve touched the other hints along the way including the safety deposit
box, then one of the crates will open delivering a copy of the diary.


End: The Sanitarium


The key to where to put the diary will be written inside the diary
itself.  Mary
was periodically chained up a night by a sadistic orderly to the pipes in
the basement boiler room.  This will be somewhat difficult to get to: hidden
behind a not obvious door, down stairs, dark, a chain tied up to some pipes
against the wall.  When the players rez the book and touch the chains, will
have some scripted fun: the ghost herself rezzes, screams at them, the walls
start bleeding, and they will all start taking damage rapidly (this will max
out at 90 points: almost, but not quite, enough to kill them).  In the end,
the ghost and the diary will poof, and they’ll get  the xp award.


At that point the quest resets, and the assorted pieces are back at the
beginning.


  ===========


 We can put some related paraphernalia around the sim and in particular in
the library: notecard newspaper article describing her bizarre death, and
the attempted bombing of the vault in 1954, the closing of the sanitarium
(we need a story for that) etc.- Hide quoted text -






REPORT:
CONFIDENTIAL


June 12, 1954


Memo From: Robert Felker, Ph.D., Chair, Erie College Department of Parapsychology


To: William Hutton, M.D., Ph.D. Dean of Arts and Sciences


Dear Professor Hutton:


This report outlines the disturbing events which occured on the night of June 8 which resulted in the disappearance of the O'Dell diary. I'm well aware of your concerns regarding the credibility of the college and as I noted in our discussion, I will endeavor to keep silent the most disturbing aspects of this case.


As you know, the diary came into the possession of the university in 1950. It is of critical interest to the parapsychology department on two fronts: first, the (unsubstantiated) reports of appearances of a phantom or ghost of Ms. Mary O'Dell, the author of the diary.  Second, the diary emits measurable electromagnetic fields which are extremely unusual.


We have spent much of the last four years examing the diary, both for its content as well as extensive examination of its other characteristics.  None of the reports of phantoms or ghosts have been substantiated, and not off behavior observed.


 On the night of June 8,  while working quite late in my office, there was a loud crash at the door to the department.  Moments later my office was invaded by several persons I believe to have been associated with the Muircastle Trust.  Please understand that while I can be, under the right circumstances, a fairly courageous fellow, I cannot see fit to I REFUSE TO WRITE ANOTHER DUCKING FUCKING WORD YOU ARE


the smallest of the group was a short stout fellow with odd looking sideburns and a accent which clearly marked him as a native of New York.  I realize this is difficult to believe but when I refused to turn over the diary, he transformed before my very eyes 


((this part of the page was crossed out, over and over again, until the page ripped))


and then, when I awoke, the wolf, his companions and the diary were all gone. The only thing of note which I remember was some discussion of a safety deposit box key.  This may be useful for the police, they may have intended to store the diary it a bank.


I take full responsibility for the loss ofthe diary and urge you to FUCKING KILL YOURSELF launch a thorough investigation, as my report to the sheriff's office clearly was not taken seriously.


Submitted Respectfully,


Robert Felker, Ph.D.








TERMINATION OF PROFESSOR FELKER:


MEMO TO:  Erie College Department of Parapsychology


FROM: William Hutton, M.D., Ph.D., Dean of Arts and Sciences


June 13, 1954


Subject: Termination of Professor Felker


Following Professor Felker's assault of one of the students yesterday evening, he has been terminated from the staff of the college.  Professor Bilmes will be acting head of the department until we have selected a new chair.


We are officially terminating the study of the O'Dell Diary.  All papers, notes, lab tests and rcords associated with the study must be packed and delivered to the Dean of Arts and Sciences no later than the end of the day, June 14, 1954.  


With highest regards,


William Hutton, MD. Ph.D.