Born out of the Muircastle's Festivals, the carnival moved into town during Erie's hayday in 1908. Even the setting up of the multi-coloured tents and exotic performers was a sight to behold, drawing most of the town to its fences for a sneak peek before the opening. Manager, Sparky Winslow was a lifetime carny, having grown up in them during the late 1880's. His long colorful past was a topic of gossip among Erie, especially his prowess with women and his supposed string of bastard children he abandoned along the way. He was even rumoured to have slept with Eleanore, but it was never substantiated past idle gossip of jealous lovers and angry husbands. 


What was known, was the spectacle of the carnival was his forte. He lived and breathed the fixed games, the stalls and his famous side show. Among them were many famous performers in their own right, such as the Brothers Twain, a Siamese twin act who could swallow fire and swords or the enormous fat lady, Miss Bet. 600 pounds of pure beauty, she was married to the midget, Sanderson who rode a shetland pony and attended the wild animal menagerie for the children. Although their marriage was a happy one, it ended abruptly in 1910 when Miss Bet accidentally sat on her beloved husband and killed him. She became so depressed after that, that she lost 450 pounds and had to open a kissing booth instead, which was wildly popular as she went under the name, the Wily Widow.


In 1911, the carnival got a breath of new life with a few new additions to its repartee. An acrobatic high line act was brought in to wow the citizens of Erie. A married couple, Barnard and Penelope were beautiful. Muscled and sculpted, they worked effortlessly together high above the crowds. Each step, each near fall to the screaming and panicked onlookers was a well planned art of two well trained professionals. Barnard was well sought after by women on the island, just as Sparky was, but he never strayed from his Penelope. Sparky thought otherwise and in his jealousy, he rigged the line to fall. Penelope was performing a risky solo act when she fell to her death, the wire wrapping around her neck and near decapitating her. Instead of her death being a deathblow though,it only seemed to bring more people to the cursed show.


Another addition to the carnival was renowned Gypsy and fortune teller in 1912. Between 1912 and 1914, she gave out harmless readings, read cards as if she could see the future and entertained giddy customers. With Eleanor's death, something changed. Moire felt the power within her grow, as if a seed had been planted. Her fortunes became strangely accurate, predicting death and destruction for the residents of Erie. Most thought she had gone mad and few visited her tent after the change, relegating themselves to the thought that the curse of the carnival had taken her as well. 


After Eleanor's death, the carnival began to decline. Sparky brought in bare knuckle boxing matches  to please the ever blood thirsty crowds. They seemed to do the trick and he was able to make ends meet through taking advantage of the fighters. He took heavy odds on fighters, fixed fights and demanded cuts from the winners. Even if the carnival only consisted of a skeleton crew, Moire in her tent and a few freaks who had married into the population, they held on and got by the skin of their teeth. 


It wasn't until Gaston brought the festivals back in 1928 that the carnival was revived. Many of the performers were aged now, and had children who were ready to take over where their parents left off. The most talked about was a son who Sparky had actually claimed, the handsome and charming, John, who seemed to have inherited all his father's bad habits along with a drinking problem. John was resentful of Sparky as he had never stayed with his mother, someone he considered a fool for letting Sparky come and go whenever he pleased on the off chance this time he would stay. 


In 1930 Penelope's daughter was also a rising star. Now twenty, she took up where her mother left off, even against her father's wishes who had not stepped into the carnival since his wife's untimely death. He never knew who cut the line, but he was still protective over his young girl. She had talent though and John soon fell for the beauty. When Barnard found out who his daughter was dating, he went to the carnival grounds to confront Sparky and force him to keep his son in line. Sparky thought it laughable and said he would do no such thing, insinuating that if he wanted, he could have his daughter, which enraged Barnard. Barnard wanted revenge and he waited until the carnival was shutting down one night before he acted. He poured gasoline over the rides and set them on fire, trying to rid the stain of the past. What he didn't know was that Penelope and John were in the center of it, having a lover's tryst and burned to death in the ensuing fire. Sparky, roused from his sleep heard the screams of his son, killed Barnard by stabbing him with a kitchen knife. 


There was a lengthy trial, but Sparky was judged to have acted in a moment of insanity and spent a his sentence during the depression at the Langcroft Institution. Once he was released, he came back to the mostly derelict carnival, repairing it and opening once more. It was 1938 now and the town was handed another bloody saga when Gaston butchered his family. Sparky used the tragedy to his advantage and brought back his carnival in full form, giving tours of haunted walks and building a fright house which detailed the history of the Muircastle's. The public clamoured for more and even during the war, attracted record crowds. Time was running out though for Sparky, because after the murders things changed in Erie. The dead walked and some were very unhappy with Sparky. Reports of hauntings at the carnival were ever present and even the side show seemed different. Real freaks masquerading as deformed people began to arrive, phantoms and other creatures were seen tending to the machines and stalls. The public was none the wiser as they believed it all the making of Sparky, but he was now a prisoner of his own making, trapped by the restless spirits he had wronged. He was forced into making a deal with the dead, his life or his carnival and he disappeared in the night, abandoning it like he had his children and lovers so many times before.


Standing in ruins and rust, the carnival still exists today and though the tents seem empty and no one tends the old carousel, you can still hear the music and the laughter of the crowds inside its dilapidated confines. If you look closer still, you can spot some of the descendants of the carnival in the nomad camp, the underground fights and the strangely deformed creatures who dash just out of sight. The carnival waits, craving the crowds it once enjoyed, begging to the attention that it desires and perhaps just a little blood to satisfy its long standing curse.